For this project premake was used. Basically, it generates compile configurations for a chosen compiler,
which means it can be thought as a unifying language for compiling configurations.

The premake's configuration is the premake5.lua file. In order to automate the building and running process
we made 3 scripts for windows, and 3 for unix systems, but they basically do the same thing.

The build script calls internally premake and then compiles the source code. The run script
looks for the right executable in the bin (binary) folder and executes it with the given parameters.
The reset script simply deletes all files generated by the build script.

## REQUIREMENTS ##
sudo apt-get install build-essential
sudo apt-get install cmake git libgtk2.0-dev pkg-config libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libswscale-dev
sudo apt-get install libopencv-core-dev
sudo apt install libopencv-highgui-dev

## BUILD ##
./build[.sh]

## RUN ##
MAIN:
./run[.sh] main [pgm file] [dataset=ImgCondComp/orl_faces/]
- pgm file: the file's name of the pgm
- dataset (optional): collection of pgm files to analyze

TEST:
./run[.sh] test [dataset] 
- dataset: collection of pgm files to analyze

RESIZE:
./run[.sh] resize [multiplier] 
- multiplier: float input which will resize the dataset, 2.0 -> 2x bigger than the original, 0.5 -> 2x smaller than the original

## RESET ##
./reset[.sh]

## How to run a concrete example ##
0. Verify the requirements above!

	sudo apt-get install build-essential
	sudo apt-get install cmake git libgtk2.0-dev pkg-config libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libswscale-dev
	sudo apt-get install libopencv-core-dev
	sudo apt install libopencv-highgui-dev

1. First thing, execute 

	./build.sh

This will build the project.

2. Run MAIN

	./run.sh main ImgCondComp/orl_faces/s01/04.pgm

This will read the file 04.pgm and print out the distance values between each subject and the image. The last line indicates the subject with the lowest distance, in thoery is the most similar.

3. Run TEST
	
	./run.sh test ImgCondComp/orl_faces/

This will test the efficiency of each algorithm. Test will divide the dataset into 2 parts. The first part is training set, images 08.pgm to 10.pgm and the testing set, 01.pgm to 7.pgm. The program will calculate the distance between an image from the testing set to images of the training set. The shortest distance is the answer of that image.

4. Run RESIZE

	./run.sh resize 0.5

This will resize all of the images, in this example, half of the original size using Opencv Linear function. After that, the images are saved under the directory "reduced".

5. Analyze the resized data

	./run.sh main reduced/0.500000/s01/04.pgm reduced/0.500000/

This will read the resized file 04.pgm and print out the distance values between each resized subject and the image. The last line indicates the subject with the lowest distance, in thoery is the most similar.

6. Test the resized data

	./run.sh test reduced/0.500000/

This will test the efficiency of each algorithm with the resized dataset.
